Merrick Garland Is Too Weak to Be Attorney General: Over and over again, the Biden appointee has proven to be painfully naïve in the face of Republican bad faith.
Swalwell on Biden age: ‘I’ll take the guy who’s 81 over the guy who has 91 felony counts’
Donald Trump GoFundMe raises $84K of $355 million target in 24 hours
Matt Gaetz accused of paying woman for sex parties as new bombshell texts emerge
Corporate greed increasingly seen as ‘major cause’ of inflation: Poll
Trump booed as he hawks $399 ‘Never Surrender’ shoes at Philadelphia Sneaker Con
Trump hawks $399 branded shoes at 'Sneaker Con,' a day after $355 million ruling against him
Russian state TV mocks Donald Trump supporters
Faced with actual example of political persecution, Trump goes uncharacteristically silent
Jimmy Carter’s Long Goodbye
GOP House Intel Chair Urged to Resign Over Russian Space Nuke Scare
Trump's cruelty plays to worst of human nature. For his MAGA supporters, that's the point.
A Florida high school required parents' permission for students to watch Disney's 'Tangled,' prompting some to say local education laws are 'out of control'
Donald Trump booed onstage while promoting new $399 sneakers
The Hilarious Collapse of a Republican Smear Job - The takedown of the GOP’s pet informant has been an extremely satisfying spectacle to watch. But it won’t chasten Trump’s minions in the least.
Biden condemns House taking break without passing fresh Ukraine aid
Trump’s legal woes have now set him back by more than $500m – how will he pay?
Who Is Konstantin Nikolaev? Putin Ally Behind Mike Johnson Campaign Donation
Donald Trump mocks E. Jean Carroll at Michigan rally
Michigan Just Became the First State in 6 Decades to Scrap an Infamous Anti-Union Law
Biden Administration Blames Congress for Fall of Ukrainian City | As a $60.1 billion military aid bill languishes in the House, a spokeswoman pointed to Avdiivka’s fate as “the cost of congressional inaction.”
Wyoming bill could take trans kids from parents. House Bill 156 would define gender-affirming care to be "not in the best interest" of youth in the state. The bill affects guardianships, custody fights, and child protective services.
Democrats relieved as Manchin rules out White House bid
Biden says Ukrainian troops were forced to withdraw from Avdiivka due to lack of ammunition and Congress inaction
Trump has been ordered to pay $355 million US. What happens if he doesn't?
Trump Launches $399 Sneaker Brand A Day After $355 Million Verdict Against Him
A $450 Million Blow to Trump’s Finances, and His Identity
Ocasio-Cortez says Trump win would result in ‘grave impacts’ on democracy
Navalny’s death fails to move the dial for Republican Senator J.D. Vance
Asa Hutchinson Suggests Next RNC Chair Should Vow Not to Fund Trump’s Legal Woes
Trump Fans Are Trying to Pay His Enormous Legal Bills
The hottest trend in U.S. cities? Changing zoning rules to allow more housing
Lawmaker captures video of Nazis marching in downtown Nashville
Crying Donald Trump supporter takes stage during Sneaker Con event
New bill could ban sale of refrigerated, cold beer in Tennessee
Trump supporters start GoFundMe page for $355M fine
Patients see first savings from Biden’s drug price push, as Pharma lines up its lawyers
Biden blames ‘congressional inaction’ for Ukrainian withdrawal of key town in call with Zelensky | CNN Politics
Texas teacher suspended after anti-LGBTQ+ Libs of TikTok attack. Student & parents defended the teacher. More than 1,500 people have signed an online petition to bring the him off of administrative leave
Special counsel Robert Hur to testify before House panel next month
Biden should boast about his economic success
Ted Cruz and Don Jr boost debunked claim Lakewood Church shooter was a transgender woman
Court orders Connecticut sports bar, owner to pay $359K for retaliating against employees
'The grift continues': Trump launches a sneaker line
Here’s how much Utah’s schools would lose in a new tax cut. If lawmakers approve another tax cut in 2024, it will mean the Legislature will have cut $640 million from funding for public education and social services in recent years.
Unions target far-right Illinois state representatives
Zelensky reups invitation for Trump to visit Ukraine: ‘If he will come, I am ready’
Minnesota Rep. Dean Phillips lays off large portion of presidential campaign staff
Trump's South Carolina Problem: Suburban Women
Trump hawks $399 branded shoes at 'Sneaker Con,' a day after a $355 million ruling against him
Indictment of FBI informant could spell trouble for key GOP impeachment claim
What to know about Trump's hush-money trial starting on 25 March
The Judge Who Dealt a Huge Financial Blow to Trump
A Republican plan to legalize medical marijuana in Wisconsin is dead
Popeyes franchisee pays $212K after US Department of Labor investigation finds child labor, overtime violations
Cheney says it’s ‘worth’ Johnson losing Speakership over passing Ukraine aid bill
What does it mean to claim the US is a Christian nation, and what does the Constitution say?
Lawmakers decry Nazi gathering
House committee passes bill making secret recordings a felony
Trump launches sneaker line a day after judge’s order to pay nearly $355 million | CNN Politics
Thousands of vets fell victim to a bait-and-switch...by the VA? Lawmakers want a fix
New York Governor Apologizes After Implying Israel Is Justified to Destroy Gaza
Ohio Law Forces Transgender Candidate to Use Deadname on Ballot
Arizona Sec. Adrian Fontes blames thwarted election crisis on ‘rumors,’ ‘conspiracy theories’
How Missouri Republicans want to change the process for voters to amend the constitution
Biden Administration Is Said to Slow Early Stage of Shift to Electric Cars: The change to planned rules was an election-year concession to labor unions and auto executives, according to people familiar with the plan.
After months of speculation, Sen. Joe Manchin will not run for president in 2024
Lansing sees record lobbyist spending with Democrats leading Michigan government
Plans for long-sought tribal early learning hub collapse 3 years after Oregon lawmakers mandated its creation
Charlie Kirk helped oust Ronna McDaniel at the RNC. Now the knives are out for him.
USC Professor: Haley needs 40% of SC primary vote to stay in presidential race
Only troubled judges would stand for election under proposed law
Move over GOP presidential primary. The real action is down-ballot.
Haley faces tough choices ahead of South Carolina primary
Saturday Morning Political Cartoon Thread
Wisconsin legislature passes laws restricting AI-produced deepfake campaign materials
Byelection win fuels ongoing U.S. debate: Are Democrats in better shape than polls suggest?
Who is Michael Whatley, Trump’s pick to lead RNC
Hochul Apologizes After Implying Israel Has a Right to Destroy Gaza
Turner says he was ‘concerned’ that White House was ‘sleepwalking’ on Russian anti-satellite capability
AAUP Joins Labor Union Call for Ceasefire in Gaza “We cannot bomb our way to peace,” the statement from the association of professors
Seeing Haley’s attacks on Trump, some claim her as a member of the resistance
Israel strikes Gaza as US says it will veto additional UN cease-fire resolution
Bill requires political info on home sale listings
Opinion | RFK Jr.’s brand of masculinity sits at the nexus of virtue and delusion
Ridge Alkonis: The sailor who stoked Japanese resentment against the US
RFK Jr's Super Bowl campaign ad raised candidate profile, but also brings scrutiny
Trump Predicts Mass Exodus From NY Over His Court Loss
GoFundMe launched to help pay Trump’s legal fees
San Francisco Appoints First Noncitizen to Serve on Elections Commission
Trump launches sneaker line
Thorny question of presidential ‘age limit’ grows in US political discourse
Tlaib calls to vote against Biden in Michigan primary
Handwringing over Biden's age has Democrats worried about a repeat of Ruth Bader Ginsberg's refusal to step down
Biden defends deadly Afghanistan withdrawal — doesn't think anyone made a mistake
Outgoing Dutch PM tells Europe to stop 'whining and nagging about Trump'
How Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer could win the White House — this year
Rep. Rashida Tlaib urges Michigan Democrats to vote against Biden in the primary
U.S. Allots $15 Million to Help Islamic Nation that Hates America Fight Climate Change
Fani Willis must prove herself before a judge, her voters and the whole country
Van Jones: Media ‘Only’ Care ‘About a Black Kid Getting Killed if a White Cop Does It or a White Supremacist Does’
101