Merrick Garland Is Too Weak to Be Attorney General: Over and over again, the Biden appointee has proven to be painfully naïve in the face of Republican bad faith.
Haley warns Trump could try to use RNC as ‘piggy bank’ if reelected
Trump’s hubris has brought about the downfall of his family’s business empire - Even the giant fortune Trump inherited from his father did not stop him from steering the family’s dynasty on to the rocks
Matt Gaetz accused of paying woman for sex parties as new bombshell texts emerge
Most Americans want legal pot. Here's why feds are taking so long to change old rules.
Can Trump pay? What if he doesn’t? Here’s what to know about Trump’s massive civil judgments.
Faced with actual example of political persecution, Trump goes uncharacteristically silent
Jimmy Carter’s Long Goodbye
Trump's cruelty plays to worst of human nature. For his MAGA supporters, that's the point.
Corporate greed increasingly seen as ‘major cause’ of inflation: Poll
Zelenskyy ready to take Donald Trump to Ukraine's front line
Judge rejects attempts to toss indictments against Texas AG Ken Paxton, keeps April trial on course. Paxton’s securities fraud trial will kick off on April 15. He has been under indictment for nearly nine years. He has pleaded not guilty.
GOP House Intel Chair Urged to Resign Over Russian Space Nuke Scare
Trump hawks $399 branded shoes at 'Sneaker Con,' a day after $355 million ruling against him
Biden condemns House taking break without passing fresh Ukraine aid
The Hilarious Collapse of a Republican Smear Job - The takedown of the GOP’s pet informant has been an extremely satisfying spectacle to watch. But it won’t chasten Trump’s minions in the least.
For Donald Trump, the Recriminations Will Be Televised
Russian state TV mocks Donald Trump supporters
Trump’s legal woes have now set him back by more than $500m – how will he pay?
Trump Allies Plan New Sweeping Abortion Restrictions
Donald Trump GoFundMe raises $84K of $355 million target in 24 hours
Christian-nation idea fuels US conservative causes, but historians say it misreads founders' intent
Democrats relieved as Manchin rules out White House bid
Rachel Bitecofer's tough-love lesson for Democrats: Time to fight dirty
‘Massive benefit’: Immigration surge set to boost U.S. economy by $7 trillion
A Florida high school required parents' permission for students to watch Disney's 'Tangled,' prompting some to say local education laws are 'out of control'
Biden’s rightward shift on immigration angers advocates. But it’s resonating with many Democrats
Biden Administration Blames Congress for Fall of Ukrainian City | As a $60.1 billion military aid bill languishes in the House, a spokeswoman pointed to Avdiivka’s fate as “the cost of congressional inaction.”
Wyoming bill could take trans kids from parents. House Bill 156 would define gender-affirming care to be "not in the best interest" of youth in the state. The bill affects guardianships, custody fights, and child protective services.
The Billionaire Bully Who Wants to Turn Texas Into a Christian Theocracy
US Supreme Court's Alito pauses Boy Scouts $2.46 billion abuse settlement
Senate Judiciary Committee Has Yet to Subpoena Harlan Crow or Leonard Leo
US Department of Labor fines Michigan Popeyes franchise $48K; restaurant allowed children to work hours that violate child labor laws
The hottest trend in U.S. cities? Changing zoning rules to allow more housing
Trump supporters start GoFundMe page for $355M fine
Abortion rights opponents and supporters seize on report that Trump privately pushes 16-week ban
Bill to permit therapeutic psilocybin use gets bipartisan support in the Arizona Senate
US Department of Labor recovers $200K for employee illegally terminated by Georgia county health agency for exercising rights to protected leave
Biden should boast about his economic success
Biden blames ‘congressional inaction’ for Ukrainian withdrawal of key town in call with Zelensky | CNN Politics
Special counsel Robert Hur to testify before House panel next month
Here’s how much Utah’s schools would lose in a new tax cut. If lawmakers approve another tax cut in 2024, it will mean the Legislature will have cut $640 million from funding for public education and social services in recent years.
Trump Fans Are Trying to Pay His Enormous Legal Bills
A $450 Million Blow to Trump’s Finances, and His Identity
Minnesota Rep. Dean Phillips lays off large portion of presidential campaign staff
Zelensky reups invitation for Trump to visit Ukraine: ‘If he will come, I am ready’
Lawmaker captures video of Nazis marching in downtown Nashville
Jim Clyburn Left House Leadership to Take a Bigger Role in the Biden Campaign
Patients see first savings from Biden’s drug price push, as Pharma lines up its lawyers
Early voting in Michigan begins this weekend; here's everything you need to know
Texas teacher suspended after anti-LGBTQ+ Libs of TikTok attack. Student & parents defended the teacher. More than 1,500 people have signed an online petition to bring the him off of administrative leave
A Republican plan to legalize medical marijuana in Wisconsin is dead
Ted Cruz and Don Jr boost debunked claim Lakewood Church shooter was a transgender woman
Trump has been ordered to pay $355 million US. What happens if he doesn't?
House bipartisan group unveils $66 billion foreign aid bill
Unions target far-right Illinois state representatives
Bipartisan lawmakers unveil $66B military aid and border alternative
What does it mean to claim the US is a Christian nation, and what does the Constitution say?
Trump Launches $399 Sneaker Brand A Day After $355 Million Verdict Against Him
House committee passes bill making secret recordings a felony
Gov. Katie Hobbs supports new 'tamale bill'
Arizona Sec. Adrian Fontes blames thwarted election crisis on ‘rumors,’ ‘conspiracy theories’
New York Governor Apologizes After Implying Israel Is Justified to Destroy Gaza
Biden Administration Is Said to Slow Early Stage of Shift to Electric Cars: The change to planned rules was an election-year concession to labor unions and auto executives, according to people familiar with the plan.
Texas to build 80-acre base in Eagle Pass for National Guard troops | Gov. Greg Abbott announced Friday that the base will hold up to 2,300 soldiers who have been deployed to the border.
Trump launches sneaker line a day after judge’s order to pay nearly $355 million | CNN Politics
Lansing sees record lobbyist spending with Democrats leading Michigan government
Trump hawks $399 branded shoes at 'Sneaker Con,' a day after a $355 million ruling against him
After months of speculation, Sen. Joe Manchin will not run for president in 2024
New bill could ban sale of refrigerated, cold beer in Tennessee
Only troubled judges would stand for election under proposed law
Saturday Morning Political Cartoon Thread
Retiring Rep. Debbie Lesko to run for Maricopa County Board of Supervisors
Thousands of vets fell victim to a bait-and-switch...by the VA? Lawmakers want a fix
Move over GOP presidential primary. The real action is down-ballot.
What to know about Trump's hush-money trial starting on 25 March
Ohio Law Forces Transgender Candidate to Use Deadname on Ballot
Haley faces tough choices ahead of South Carolina primary
Hochul Apologizes After Implying Israel Has a Right to Destroy Gaza
Trump Predicts Mass Exodus From NY Over His Court Loss
Thorny question of presidential ‘age limit’ grows in US political discourse
Trump launches sneaker line
Biden defends deadly Afghanistan withdrawal — doesn't think anyone made a mistake
GOP launches probe into Biden administration funding of UN Palestinian relief agency
Fani Willis must prove herself before a judge, her voters and the whole country
Van Jones: Media ‘Only’ Care ‘About a Black Kid Getting Killed if a White Cop Does It or a White Supremacist Does’
