Donald Trump does not have presidential immunity, US court rules
US talk show host Tucker Carlson slammed as 'traitor' after being pictured in Russia ahead of 'sit-down interview with Putin'
Desantis drops out
Guess Putin’s interview is working on its target audience
Trump ordered to pay more than $350M in NY civil fraud case
Nikki Haley loses to "None of these candidates" checkbox in the Nevada primary
It's pretty much a universal opinion
Our 2A is ALIVE and Well
US House Speaker Johnson blocks vote on Ukraine aid passed by Senate
Tucker Carlson on why he’s interviewing Vladimir Putin
Ron DeSantis Calls For Ilhan Omar To Be Expelled From Congress, Denaturalized And Deported
An interesting question🤔
Snopes fact check states Biden did not wear hard hat backwards
Russian opposition leader Navalny has died, prison service says
At least he is much smarter than Biden
🚨 BREAKING: Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis SUSPENDS campaign, ENDORSES Trump
Pro-Palestinian protesters showed up to John Fetterman’s home to chant that he supported genocide. Fetterman went to his roof & waved an Israeli flag at them.
Jury orders Trump to pay $83.3 million for defaming E. Jean Carroll
Trump encourages RNC not to declare him the presumptive nominee
He’ll win the appeal
THIS is the way!
How Europeans see trump
Tucker Carlson has interviewed Edward Snowden in Russia
Former FBI informant charged with lying about the Biden's role in Ukraine business dealings
The support for Texas is growing.
BREAKING - Justin Trudeau’s use of the Emergencies Act to quell protests and to seize Bank accounts of his political enemies has been ruled unconstitutional by a federal court in Canada.
New accomplishment for ol' joe
150 Democrats vote against a bill to deport illegals caught driving while drunk
Italy in shock after 13-year-old girl raped by Egyptian gang while her boyfriend is forced to watch
Barack Obama in 2005: “We all agree on the need to better secure the border…we simply can not allow people to pour into the United States undetected"
Oakland resident is upset that everything in Oakland is closing. Many corporations are closing up shop due to high crime.
Please Please Oh Please. This would be the absolute 4 most entertaining years of any presidency in our lifetime
Tom Suozzi has defeated Mazi Pilip reducing the Republican majority in the House of Congress
Ohio did the right thing when their Governor did not.
Nikki Haley voter in New Hampshire: "It was a strategic vote… I wouldn't vote for her in a general election. A vote for Haley helps diminish Trump's influence."
Guy steals iPhones from Apple Store in Oakland, California
Trump says he did more for Taylor Swift than Joe Biden
Average Wealthy Lib.
Think about it
Texas Governor Greg Abbott releases letter stating Federal Government has broken compact with the states
Joe Rogan goes off on liberalism, says he was a liberal his whole life but can no longer support their cause. “The no cash bail, the letting people out for committing violent crimes, not stopping people for stealing.”
Joe Biden just declared that Mexico is on the border of Gaza. You can’t make this stuff up.
Justice
Biden: "Every day between now and November, the American people are going to know that the only reason the border is not secure is Donald Trump"
Based Texas!
Agreed
That's how their logic works.
Stephen A Smith just turned Red 😳
Any who don't understand why Putin must be opposed and Ukraine supported. This is the second he has eliminated. Adolph Hitler II
Thomas Jefferson statue removed from New York City Hall after 187 years
Texas megachurch shooter
Tampon dispenser torn from high school boys' restroom minutes after being installed
Know your history
Disgusting and perverted. Keep your kinks to yourself regardless of your sexual orientation
DeSantis Says He Will Try Running Again When He's A Senile 75-Year-Old
color me surprised
The enemies of humanity do this with the poor too.
New Trump plan for foreign aid
NEW: Vivek Ramaswamy spotted at Mar-a-Lago with Donald Trump as VP rumors continue to heat up.
MSNBC sent a reporter to a African-American barbershop and one of the guests said “We’re broke with Biden… we weren’t with Trump”
Why is no one talking about this? Not even trending?
Fetterman says American dream is threatened by 300,000 illegal immigrants swarming southern border. 'I honestly don’t understand why it’s controversial to say we need a secure border,' the senator told CNN anchor Jake Tapper
HUGE: Border Patrol Turns on Joe Biden, Proclaims Support for Texas National Guard
Texas is continuing building the wall
Choices
Found this
SF appoints non citizen to oversee elections...
Remember that guy who illegally entered our country and threatened that soon we will “find out who he is”? This is reportedly him. He was released from prison last year after serving 12 years for arms trafficking and terrorism. He’s now roaming our country. This is terrifying.
Donald Trump endorses Lara Trump for co-chairwoman of the RNC
Deflection Buzzwords 101. Today's word is "rabbit hole."
2023 will go down as the darkest chapter in Modern American History.
CNN just can’t help themselves.
Trump on Biden Classified Documents
Yep
Multiculturalism
Tucker Carlson / Vladimir Putin Will you be watching?
Imagine if we did this to DC.
Sad Reality
Vladimir Putin endorses Joe Biden for President
Woman Carrying AR-15 Emblazoned With ‘Free Palestine’ Shoots Up Joel Osteen’s Megachurch
WATCH: Ilhan Omar Rips the Mask Off and Pledges Her Allegience to Somalia in Disturbing Video
Close the border!
Rachel Maddow asks E. Jean Carroll what she's going to do with "Trump's money" to help women's rights. She says "go shopping, get completely new wardrobes, new shoes"
Am I wrong tho?
They're just adding a new letter every year now...
Anyone Remotely Care?
Baffling
The Cat isn't wrong!
Ilhan Omar tells a crowd of Somalians that her top priority is to put Somalia first and expand its territory "The US government will do what we want, nothing else. They must follow our orders. That is how we safeguard the interest of Somalia."
This is extremely painful to watch as a American Citizen. This is elder abuse.
Elon Musk is tweeting non stop about the border crisis and Homeland Secretary Mayorkas
BREAKING: 25 Republican Governors Sign Letter Backing Texas Governor Greg Abbott's Right to Secure the Border
Tucker Carlson says Moscow, Russia is “nicer than any city” in the USA during a speech in Dubai. "If you can't use your subway, for example, as many people are afraid to in New York City because it's too dangerous, you have to sort of wonder like, isn't that the ultimate measure of leadership?"
Equal Representation Act !!
Black National Anthem at the Super Bowl - What happens if a white person takes a knee?
Do you agree with this?
Chicago mayor cancels gunfire surveillance system because it "unfairly targeted communities of color"
Does anyone know what Biden was trying to say? And why is everyone cheering like he said something great?
Trump Declares Ron ‘DeSanctimonious’ Nickname ‘Officially Retired’ After Florida Governor Drops from 2024 Race
BIDEN ON THE BORDER CRISIS: “I've done all I can do! Just give me the power! Give me the border patrol, give me the people, the judges. Give me the people who can stop this”
Judge Rules Trump Must Pay Over $300 Million In Civil Fraud Case
Tara Reade, the woman who was sexually assaulted by Joe Biden in 1993 just filed a tort complaints with the US Department of Justice seeking $10 MILLION in damages for invasion of privacy, emotional distress, and a violation of her rights
Elon Musk calls for unmasking of Patriot Front: ‘just follow them’
BREAKING: Tucker Carlson Releases Interview With Putin, Watch It Here -
The shooter at Joel Osteen's mega church was a pro-Palestine supporter
Fetterman says American dream is threatened by 300,000 illegal immigrants swarming southern border
An entire block in Oakland was burglarized in one day.
House vote to impeach Homeland Security Secretary Mayorkas fails, thwarted by Republican defections
Muh capitalism is bad (I made 100s of millions from it)
As soon as Javier Milei, landed in Israel, he went straight to the Western Wall
Women's appreciation post
Culturally specific graduation ceremonies canceled at University of Texas after new law banning DEI - The "Black Graduation, Latinx Graduation and GraduAsian" events have been canceled.
Chris Wallace slams Tucker Carlson: “During the Cold War, gullible Westerners who spread Soviet propaganda were dismissed as useful idiots. But calling Tucker that is unfair, to useful idiots.”
Trump asks us to support Bud Light
San Francisco was one of the best cities in the world 30 to 40 years ago. But now is filled with crime & homelessness. What went wrong? How do you fix this?
Over 50% Of Liberal, White Women Under 30 Have A Mental Health Issue
Just In: 9-Year-Old Chiefs Fan Who Was Targeted by Deadspin Will Sue Company
Nikki Haley Says She Trusts E. Jean Carroll Jury: “I absolutely trust the jury and I think that they made their decision based on the evidence.”
German citizens labelling anything as nazism is as hypocritical as it gets (German carnival 2024)
Trump mocks Haley by asking where her deployed husband is: 'Where is he? He's gone'
Where are the anti gun protests after this incident?
Maybe like don't start a war?
The stupidity of that original post is just incomprehensible
BREAKING: Arizona Republican Party chair Jeff DeWit caught on secret recording trying to bribe Kari Lake not to run for the Senate.
Biden to House Republicans: "You gotta decide. Are you going to stand up for freedom or are you going to side with terror & tyranny?"
'What Is This Dark Magic?!' Cries Tucker Upon Encountering Automatic Sliding Doors At Grocery Store
Grieving mom whose daughter was raped and murdered by an MS-13 gang member files $100MILLION lawsuit against the feds for lax policies: 'Nobody at the border did their job and checked his background'
Fani confesses to felony campaign finance crime...
Why do married people skew so hard republican? Are democrats the party of angry spinsters?
Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson just defunded a gunshot detection technology because “activists” didn’t like it.
REMINDER: Two years ago, Justin Trudeau called this "terrorism" and violated the Charter of Rights and Freedoms by crushing them with police horses and seizing their bank accounts
In light of the shootings at the Chiefs victory parade today, guess which areas in Missouri have a gang violence problem.
Started posting this everywhere…
50 Cent slams NYC's plan to give $53M in pre-paid debit cards to migrants to use in bodegas as he demands Mayor Adams calls him and explains how it will work and says 'maybe Trump is the answer'
This is ridiculous. Biden has to go
Hillary Clinton: “Right-wing Extremists will steal the 2024 Election.”
Nancy Pelosi tells protester to go back to China.
The US Senate has passed a $95 Billion aid package for Ukraine, Israel, and Taiwan
New York Slimes
Biden on Gun Control
White men no longer want to fight for a nation that scorns them
The irony
Tennessee Senator Introduces Bill To End Counting Of Illegal Immigrants For Electoral College
Team Trump has released a new ad attacking Nikki Haley
Masked California thief nabbed after being caught on video snatching dozens of iPhones from Apple Store
CONFIRMED: House Democrat Being Criminally Investigated Is 'Squad' Member Cori Bush
Socialism: leading cause of economic collapse. It doesn't take long to lose your country
Found this at the local liquor store
Overturning of Roe v. Wade led to more than 32,000 additional births, study finds:
Sounds about right
Some people have no shame
Biden tells crowd he recently met with Mitterrand, former French president who died in 1996
We are going to win.
Jury rules Trump must pay $83,000,000 in damages for defaming E. Jean Carroll
Right
As a teacher I found this funny
Why isn't the msm complaining about Taylor Swift's private jet?
Still trying to find a winning message...
DeSantis backs legislation to ban lab-grown meat in Florida: 'You need meat'
Don't miss the end!
Ronna McDaniel to step down as RNC chair: REPORT
Biden in 2007 was asked if he would allow sanctuary cities to exist. His answer was NO. He said that sanctuary cities turn into dumps
Biden Arms Greece So Greece Arms Ukraine. Republicans Can’t Stop It.
Sports Illustrated's entire staff told they are getting laid off
Comedian Jim Breuer mocks media for its bias against Trump
86% Of Americans Say Biden Too Old For Another Term: Poll
Biden joins 'Chinese spy app' TikTok despite White House ban on federal accounts: 'lol hey guys'
Tucker won.
Guys, Fani Willis' married lover just testified under oath that he paid for their vacations with his work credit card and she would reimburse him with cash
Rand Paul on Ukraine Funding: 'When Did We Become the Sugar Daddy of the World?'
Democratic Rep. Barbara Lee is running for US Senate in California. She is calling for a $50 per hour minimum wage by the federal government. This is her solution to inflation and high prices.
No Charges for Democrat Staffer Filmed Having Anal Sex in Hart Senate Office Building
Joy Reid was caught on a hot mic saying that Joe Biden is “starting another f*cking war”
If Biden won't protect the Border, then We The People will.
Biden's upcoming physical exam will not include a cognitive test, White House says
Joe Biden “did not remember when he was vice president.. He did not remember, even within several years, when his son Beau died. And his memory appeared hazy when describing the Afghanistan debate that was once so important to him”
Trump will be the next President. Get over it
Trump confuses Nikki Haley with Nancy Pelosi when talking about Jan. 6
Over 7,000 Women in Germany Have Been Raped or Sexually Assaulted by Asylum Seeking Migrants Since 2015: Report
Nikki Haley complains about "how hard it was to grow up in the Deep South as a brown girl"
Democrats: “ LBJ was a civil rights hero!” LBJ:
Never forget the Plandemic.
Oregon, First State To Decriminalize Drug Use, Declares Emergency In Portland Over Fentanyl
A wide ideology gap is opening up between young men and women in countries across the world
Just remember: Your free speech is more important than my feelings.
Alec Baldwin Indicted on Involuntary Manslaughter Charge in 'Rust' Shooting
Report: J6 Committee Deleted More Than 100 Files Just Before the GOP Took Over
Nothing says contrived pic of union guys in a bar like a guy in a suit wearing a safety vest
Current UFC Champion shuts down Canadian reporter for asking baited questions at press conference
Jon Stewart ‘totally pissed off’ left-leaning viewers in ‘Daily Show’ return for questioning Biden’s mental fitness
Report: The Obamas 'Working' to Take Biden 'Out' of Race, Barack Telling Him to Quit
Multiple U.S. Soldiers Killed, Dozens Injured By Iranian-Backed Terrorists In Middle East
Tucker Carlson praised the "Russian version of McDonald's": "It tastes great! And without GMOs!"
JUST IN: GOP-led House impeaches Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas
Source: Joe Biden
Here we go again with reparation money ...
Nothing to See Here, Folks—Leftist Billionaire Soros to Take Control of America's 2nd-Largest Radio Chain
Two climate activists dumped red powder on themselves and the case holding the United States Constitution
CNN is now defending Biden for thinking that Mexico is on the border of Gaza “Everybody here has misspoken!”
On the topic of immigration, Teddy nailed it, back in 1894.
Xi promised Biden China wouldn’t interfere in 2024 election
California Gov. Gavin Newsom said that he’d witnessed Target shoplifting with his own eyes when checking out. But when Newsom asked a Target worker to stop the shoplifter, the worker blamed the governor without realizing at first that the governor himself was standing right in front of her.
Guess how they are defending the news of Joe Bidens mental decline.
'A disqualifying betrayal': House Republicans vow to kill the Senate's so-called border bill
Sometimes it’s (D)ifferent
Socialists "I'm going to pretend I didn't see that"
‘People of color’ can’t be racist against whites, Madison teaches law students
Scary that so many people are stupid enough to vote based on what celebrities say
Senate sex tape: Capitol Police decline to press charges
President Biden pauses approval of liquid natural gas exports because of "climate concerns" and TOTALLY NOT because he's trying to economically sanction Texas
Majority Of U.S. Likely Voters Back Legalizing Marijuana ‘In All 50 States,’ New Poll From GOP Research Firm Shows
US strikes 85 targets in quick and precise bombing mission with B1's flown from US.
Runners at the US Olympic marathon trials are holding Palestinian flags. Shameful.
Kazakhstan will surgically remove paedophiles' genitals
Future POTUS?
‘Certainly Looks Bad’: Bank Statements Make It Increasingly Likely Fani Willis Allegations Are True, Legal Experts Say
Rapper 50 Cent says ‘maybe Trump is the answer’ after seeing NYC give pre-paid credit cards to migrants
Supreme Court allows federal agents to cut razor wire Texas installed on US-Mexico border
DeSantis has just cleared his campaign website of upcoming events
Nothing to see here folks, just another day in California. Theft at 'The Outlets at Orange' mall in California
2 in custody after shooting during Kansas City Chiefs’ Super Bowl parade
Democrats are American Last, how can anyone vote for them? This is insane.
That's disgraceful
Biden's deputies have let 6.2 million illegal migrants into the United States, according to the Congressional Budget Office.
New Hampshire exit polling shows that a majority of voters in the Republican primary tonight are NOT Republicans.
Chip Roy urges Texas officials to ignore Supreme Court order on border razor wire: 'Go to hell'
Hunter Biden's iPhone had pictures of cocaine, crack, and drug paraphernalia
That's the Libs Logic
J6 Pipe Bomber Was ‘Former’ Government Official – FBI Had His License Plate Number but Refused to Interview Him
Young woman complains she can't enjoy life working 40 hours a week, and her video is going mega-viral | Blaze Media
EXCLUSIVE: RNC Spent $1.5 Million on Floral Arrangements, Limos, Management/Media Consultants
'Squad' Democrat accuses Walgreens of racism for leaving Boston neighborhood: 'Shame on you'
Vladimir Putin claims he was ready to end war 18 months ago but Boris Johnson scuppered deal
Senate Republicans block bipartisan border deal | AP News
234