Trump Is Going Absolutely Bonkers After Losing Presidential Immunity Claim
Taylor Swift is driving voter registration, and conservatives are terrified
Democrats flip Santos’s New York House seat in high-stakes special election
Just Say It, Democrats: Biden Has Been a Great President
From X-Twitter
Biden is the best President of my life time - and I am old. We need to say it more.
Boom
Tucker Carlson: Moscow ‘so much nicer than any city in my country’
Just Say It, Democrats: Biden Has Been a Great President
Quinnipiac Poll has Biden up by 6 points again Trump
Kids terrified as Republican lawmaker flashes gun during school's statehouse visit
Taylor Swift blowback due to ‘weird, lonely, insecure men’: Fox Sports’s Cowherd
Restore Roe
Biden campaign 'cheered watching Trump's furious rage speech against Nikki Haley.
Nikki Haley questions whether Trump is ‘mentally fit’ after he confuses her with Nancy Pelosi
'Gun-loving' GOP governor reportedly seen 'running scared for his life' from mass shooting
United Auto Workers endorse Biden; union president calls Trump a 'scab'.
Trump’s $50 Million Mystery Debt Looks Like ‘Tax Evasion’
Trump Ordered to Pay Over $350 Million and Barred From New York Business
Biden vs. Trump on classified documents
Republicans Who Screamed About A Crisis On The Border Now Oppose A Plan To Fix It
This is good
‘Biden Just Called Me a Sick F-Word!’ Trump Now Fundraising off Report About President Calling Him a ‘Sick F*ck’
Yes, Democrats, it’s Biden or bust
Right-Wingers Say Super Bowl Is Rigged So Taylor Swift Can Endorse Biden
BIDEN: “the United States Senate has done the hard work it takes to reach a bipartisan agreement. Now, House Republicans have to decide. Do they want to solve the problem? Or do they want to keep playing politics with the border?”
I was never a fan, until now
Joe Biden on Instagram: "Just like we drew it up, @Chiefs"
Shocker: Republicans Admit in Private That They Killed a Good Deal
Trump struggles to say the word ‘climate’ and reveals he recently took a cognitive test. Is he losing it and is the press covering it up?
Presidents Crying
Ted Cruz faces losing his seat in Texas
Democratic Senator Brian Schatz: "House Republicans are underestimating how easy it will be to point out that this bill does the stuff they asked for and they suddenly opposed it because Trump wanted to deny Biden a victory. It’s quite easy to explain in the suburbs."
Ron DeSantis Finally Admits War on Books Has Been a Total Disaster
The New York Times is determined to make 'but his age' the new 'but her emails'
Donald Trump storms out of closing arguments in E Jean Carroll trial
These Republicans who formally criticized Trump and now endorse him look like hostage videos.
Biden Warns Of A 'Nightmare' Future For The Country If Trump Should Win Again
Nikki Haley Taunts Trump Over ‘Temper Tantrum’ After He Won New Hampshire: "Insecure, Threatened, Confused"
GOP Sen. James Lankford says unnamed media personality promised to “destroy” him for seeking compromise on immigration
GOP voters out of step with Americans on Trump immunity, new poll shows
Another win
Democrats urge Biden administration to deschedule marijuana
Supreme Court is urged to rule Trump is ineligible to be president again because of the Jan. 6 riot
Republicans Agonize Over Supporting Bipartisan Border Bill They'd Insisted On
Republican Ron Johnson says "Putin will not lose the war," votes against Ukraine aid
Republicans amass a record of loss under Trump: "Democrats have been winning at an impressive clip"
Trump’s ‘achilles heel’? Haley’s refusal to drop out infuriates ex-president | US elections 2024
Donald Trump’s bonkers claim that he made Taylor Swift’s career. Why aren’t the Democrats making the case that Trump is completely insane?
Trump Is a Combination of Every Threat We Have Ever Faced in Our History
Biden rescinds most of rule allowing religious interference in health care
Sorry honey, the Republicans have spoken!
Election 2024: DeSantis Drops Out of Presidential Race and Endorses Trump
Senate Finance chief rips GOP's 'backroom scheme' to cut Social Security
McCarthy: Freedom Caucus has ‘stopped Republicans from being able to govern’ | The Hill
Arizona GOP introduces resolution to declare Trump 2024 winner regardless of the vote
GOP senators seethe as Trump blows up delicate immigration compromise | CNN Politics
Biden Brutally TROLLS TRUMP (and FOX NEWS) on His Own Truth Social
Last Week Was Bad for Trump. This Week Could Be Four, Five Times Worse.
Analysis | Judge clarifies: Yes, Trump was found to have raped E. Jean Carroll
Did special counsel cross the line in bashing Biden's memory? Even some Republicans think so.
Billionaires Rally Behind Bill Gates' Call For Wealth Tax In Unprecedented Show Of Unity: 'We Ask You To Tax Us'
Texas ranked worst state to live and work in due to poor quality of life
Biden wins New Hampshire primary, CNN projects, with successful write-in campaign
Billionaire owner demands users stop ‘deadnaming’ Twitter after Stephen King trolls the billionaire
Restore Roe: Biden and Harris warn supporters what a second Trump term could mean for bodily autonomy
Trump Says He Might 'Encourage' Russia To Attack NATO Allies
One of these people put their ass on the line to serve their country. The other is a gutless coward who shit in his pants to dodge the draft. Can you guess which is which?
Joe Biden zings Fox News reporter who tries to ambush him about his age....Another attempted hit job, that failed.
Republicans worry that turmoil plaguing state parties could hurt GOP up and down the ballot in 2024
Trump Calls on 'All Willing States' to Send National Guard Soldiers to Texas
Republicans Have Day Of Epic Failures In Congress
Fox News falsely claimed that airports are allowing migrants through security without identification
Megyn Kelly is peeved that Rachel Maddow reportedly makes $30 million
Tucker Carlson mocked over fawning praise for Russian shopping trolleys
Biden warns of a 'nightmare' future for the country if Trump should win again, and lists reasons why
"Trump is out of money": Republicans fear Trump will drain RNC funds to pay his own legal bills
'Oath-breaking insurrectionist' Trump is ineligible for office, Colorado voters tell the Supreme Court
Mitt Romney Defends Joe Biden: 'Sometimes You Say The Wrong Word'
Joe Biden insta post
Lara Trump vows 'every single penny' RNC has will go to Donald Trump
Another House Republican bites the dust. Just announced he's not running for re - election.
JUST IN: President Biden wins the New Hampshire Democratic Primary through a write-in campaign, crushing his challenger, Dean Phillips.
trump gets exactly ZERO votes in first New Hampshire primary voting
Raskin calls on GOP to end Biden impeachment inquiry after indictment of FBI informant
Trump's Attempt To Describe Missile Defense Has To Be Heard To Be Believed
Republicans Are Once Again Entering Their "Sorry We Forgot Which Country We Represent" Phase
Ron DeSantis condemned as Florida removes sociology as core college class | Florida | The Guardian
Biden Campaign Scorches Media For Ignoring Trump’s Horrifying Behavior
Could Taylor Swift tilt Florida blue? It’s Democrats’ wildest dream.
Biden's best trolling of Trump yet: Record stock market surges
Russian state TV mocks Donald Trump supporters
74 percent of Republicans say it’s fine for Trump to be dictator for a day
Republicans Have Day Of Epic Failures In Congress
Trump-Carroll Defamation Trial: Jury Orders Trump to Pay Carroll $83.3 Million for Years of Defamation
Washington Democrats Outraged after Seattle ‘raids’ of several gay bars citing ‘lewd conduct’ laws
Trump brags about doing nothing about all the gun violence and mass shootings while in office.
Biden’s economy keeps messing up Trump’s message
F___ Trump
Rep. Waters on Biden losing support with Black voters: "I don't buy it"
Proof that Democrats are better informed and smarter than Republicans
Biden’s chances of re-election are better than they appear. what do you guys think?
Another high ranking Republican announces she won't run again....Well I wonder what's going on?
House Intel Chair Warns Biden of Mysterious ‘Serious National Security Threat’
Remember he’s not talking about you or me, or reducing the Debt.
Pennsylvania man rants about ‘LGBTQ+, woke-left mob’ in YouTube video with his father’s severed head: report
JUSTICE: Jan. 6 rioter who bragged he’d ‘be cleared’ and get a ‘huge premium’ for storming the Capitol convicted of 20-year felony
Candidate Trump Keeps Doing Putin’s Bidding And No One In the Republican Party Or Mainstream Media Bats An Eye
Nikki Haley Hints Trump Is Trying To Steal Election With His RNC Picks
Putin knew that Trump is "Mentally Unstable and Unbalanced". That's why he wants him in power.
Romney rules out voting for Trump, citing court’s sexual abuse finding in Carroll case
Mike Johnson's campaign contributions from company tied to Russia
Biden calls Trump a 'loser' as he raises money on ex-president's home turf in Florida
Rudy Giuliani ordered to testify under oath in bankruptcy proceedings
Fox News admits the economy is 'as good as it gets'
Rep. Robert Garcia calls out ‘Trump crime family’ in House speech
Senate Republicans Block Ukraine Aid, Border Security Package They'd Demanded
Jury finds Jennifer Crumbley guilty of four counts of involuntary manslaughter
Opinion | The Republican Fantasy that Democrats Will Replace Joe Biden
Trump allies plan to kill Tim Scott's bid to be Trump's running mate because he voted to certify Biden’s 2020 election victory on Jan. 6
Ohio mandates photo ID to vote. Democrats make sure you have all documents needed in your district to vote.
Could abortion flip a red Senate seat blue in Florida?
Biden defends himself over documents..... An investigation that was a political hit job by the investigator.
Free-market Senator Josh Hawley demands socialism to bail out failed company
Oregon Supreme Court rules that the 10 GOP senators who staged a walkout can’t run for re-election
Trump’s lead over Biden may be smaller than it looks
Comer again fails to incriminate Biden with new impeachment inquiry witness, the real witch hunt.
Tennessee law denied Allie Phillips an abortion. So she's now running for office
Biden says he has decided US response to Jordon attack. " I don't think we need a wider war in the Middle East."
Biden is running for working families around the country.
House Fails to Impeach Mayorkas
Eager To Please Trump, House GOP Advances Impeachment of the first Hispanic DHS Secretary
Trump tweeted about the stock market any chance he got. Wish that Biden’s team would do the same! Remarkable growth last 4 years.
Getting baptized at a Trump border rally
Trump spent nearly $30M of his donor contributions on legal fees in just 6 months
RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel to step down
Haley and Trump got 4th and 5th place in the NH Democratic Primary 😂
Trump Shuts Down The Idea Of A Vice President Nikki Haley
What did Dark Brandon mean by this?
AZ Republicans Relentlessly Boo Kari Lake & I'm Loving It
Opinion: Panicking over polls showing Donald Trump ahead of President Biden? Please stop
Abortion in Pennsylvania is protected by the state constitution, Pa. Supreme Court rules
Pro-Biden super PAC planning largest political ad blitz in history: Report
By indulging Trump, the judicial system is failing democracy
David Letterman tells Taylor Swift NFL haters to ‘shut up,’ her Travis Kelce romance is ‘a lovely thing’
President Biden leads Trump 47/39 among likely voters in latest Pennsylvania poll
Speaker Mike Johnson literally married his daughter in a sort of mock marriage.
As Republicans Publicly Face-Plant, House Democrats Are Feeling Good About November — While the GOP struggles to control the House floor, Democrats can almost taste a new majority.
Trump sees diminishing fundraising returns from combative court appearances
Who else saw this coming? Dean Phillips Floats a No Labels Bid if 2024 Is Trump vs. Biden
Disturbing Bill Would Let Arizona Legislators Ignore Election Results
Prison time for Trump White House aide who admitted coup plot on live TV
🚨Stop Down Playing South Carolina’s Democratic Primary Results | Push Back
GOP invents Taylor Swift conspiracy theory instead of facing reality about unpopular policies
What in the actual fuck. If I was a Floridian I would be apoplectic if my tax dollars went to pay Trump’s legal bills
Wall Street hits record high
Reporter asks Ron DeSantis why he can affirm his height with lifts, but stands against gender-affirming care
Newsmax guest makes personal attacks about the looks of MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow and Joy Reid
Gavin Newsom Nails Biggest Threat To ‘Sad And Pathetic’ MAGA Republicans
Ohio, Michigan Republicans in Released Audio: "Endgame" Is To Ban Trans Care "For Everyone"
Most Republicans aren’t aware of Trump’s various legal issues
Trump is not immune from prosecution in his 2020 election interference case, US appeals court says
GOP rep tries, fails to take credit for investments she opposed
Why the US economy is doing so much better than the rest of the world | CNN Business
Republican Officials Openly Insult Women Nearly Killed by Abortion Bans
Libs of TikTok creator accuses NBC News of stochastic terrorism after bomb threat investigation
Retired conservative judge: ‘Trump disqualified himself’ from ballot
Democrats have 'incredible opportunities' to take back the House in November, says DCCC chair
Katie Porter opens door to presidential age limits in Senate debate
Marjorie Taylor Greene mocked for struggling to pronounce indictable or read a long number
The U.S. economy grew at a 3.3% pace in the fourth quarter, much better than expected
Charlie Kirk says January 6 insurrectionists should have had gay sex instead of rushing the Capitol
Elise Stefanik’s Deranged Defense of Trump Offers Democrats a Lesson
Negotiators release $118 billion border bill as Trump presses GOP to tank it
Rand Paul vows to drag out Senate effort to pass $95 billion foreign aid package
RNC insiders want to proclaim Trump the party’s nominee. But I have a theory:
‘Basically a cult’: Trump's MAGA Republicans slammed for vowing to block immigration reform bill
“The best way for anti choice politicians to gain power is to mislead the public.” Fox News is directing Republicans to hide their unpopular anti-abortion agenda
GOP senator doesn’t want to pass a tax bill because it could make Biden ‘look good’
If Abraham Lincoln was alive could he beat Trump in 2024 GOP primary?
President Joe Biden wins South Carolina Democratic Primary
Trump vowed he’d ‘never’ help Europe if it’s attacked, top EU official says
Fox News and GOP politicians falsely claim Lakewood Church shooter was transgender
Will anybody call out congressmen who support him? Trump says he would 'encourage' Russia to attack Nato allies who do not pay their bills
More tRump ignorance
Gretchen Whitmer says it "would be good" if Biden was more vocal on abortion
The Only Mental Acuity I’m Questioning These Days Is the Mainstream Media’s
Biden invites Kate Cox, woman denied abortion in Texax, to attend State of the Union.
Why the US economy is doing so much better than the rest of the world
Rubio dismisses Trump’s NATO comments: ‘Zero concern’
The New Red
Florida GOP Rep. Salazar Spars With Host Over Taking Credit for Funds She Voted Against
Republicans Agonize Over Backing Border Bill They Insisted On
Democrats have 'incredible opportunities' to take back the House in November, says DCCC chair
Trump Complains ‘AI Photos’ Make Him Look Fat
As Republicans Publicly Face-Plant, House Democrats Are Feeling Good About November
Democrat Robert Garcia calls Republican MTG ‘insane’ after she storms out of hearing
Trump appears poised to throw the RNC’s McDaniel under the bus
VoteVets Plans $45 Million Push to Lift Biden and Democrats
Biden and Harris Target Abortion Laws, and Trump, on Roe’s 51st Anniversary
Karl Rove blasts ‘lunacy’ of claims Michelle Obama will replace Biden
February 2024 National Poll — Biden Performs Strongest Against Trump among Prominent Democrats
Oregon high court says 10 GOP state senators who staged long walkout can’t run for reelection
Maybe Killing the Border Deal Wasn’t a Political Masterstroke for the GOP, After All - Tom Suozzi Beat Mazi Pilip in New York by Running on the Border
30 Things Joe Biden Did as President You Might Have Missed
Oklahoma’s GOP Prosecute A Pregnant Women For Using Legal Medical Marijuana
“Let’s Make Marijuana Legal. It Shouldn’t Be That Hard.” - Sen. Elizabeth Warren
Maybe Dr. Reiner has a point?
United Nations urged to investigate Texas’ anti-LGBTQ+ legislation as ‘human rights crisis’ (exclusive)
Fake Joe Biden robocall tells New Hampshire Democrats not to vote on Tuesday
House Democratic candidates make abortion access top focus of '24 campaigns
Make No Mistake. The House GOP is On the Ropes With Border/Ukraine Refusal
Ted Cruz poll raises alarm bells in Texas election
Trump heads to US Supreme Court with a familiar claim: He is untouchable
MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough trashes MAGA special counsel’s report. “So bizarre. So many people immediately heard these random conclusions, irrelevant conclusions, politically charged, Trump-like ramblings,” Scarborough said.
Watch Biden full remarks on special counsel investigation of classified documents.... Note: This was a complete hit piece by that incompetent special counsel.
Black Churches in Georgia Unite to Mobilize Voters in a Key Battleground
White House frustration with Garland grows
Democrats move to avert embarrassing defeat in New York race for Santos’s seat
Biden Only Needs 7 Words To Sum Up His Thoughts On Trump's Ballot Chances
Meet Jordan Fuchs, the Raffensperger Aide Who Secretly Taped Trump Saying, ‘I Need 11,000 Votes’
Donald Trump syphilis rumors: Doctors weigh in
Falling inflation, rising growth give U.S. the world’s best recovery
223